ah going through it though but not the
day was going on without Fred let's go
not cool not cool
okay now let's go pick up well he's on
oh I just told you what we go in now
cool we go I told you you'd why are we
doing what are you doing nothing just
arrest me
they do baby their little pink box
I mean Adam Adam - that's a problem
Hey now how many huh right there and the
box and it's their habitat yeah so I
want them in the capacity after your mom
goes okay oh it's your fans
I remember her name wasn't yeah yep my
chickens
I check my work Wow
mine has TV I'm gonna check my math TV -
ah not cool gonna find the gasoline yep
I'd block not really
Oh get to work okay baby I had see those
okay let's go and then it's time to go
to the shopping ma I mean oh thank you
where's that bit oh I put it in a movie
I'm gonna put it in pieces today banana
see well what happened
I get father hit the ground and what do
it there we need to find the officer go
home
thanks for doing that
bring back to the up in a bottle if you
want to check the ticket today we're
watching so you took the Terrence didn't
close you talk what did you see I can't
see everything the stain so how are you
what did you see I see
it's so cute so cute
let's my mother that's that's fine yeah
fine moonstone yeah oh did you hit the
ground
nope it was a bed
okay let's go back to the people you go
yeah here
tickets take you to me cookie
now you can do whatever you want I get
my book
bye good bye bye the triple